[DOC-3017] Revamped intro page (#1511)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/get-started/introduction-to-chaos-module.md

cloud-native applications that carry multiple points of failure due to their distributed, and elastic nature.

## Why is chaos engineering important?
In the current landscape of fast-paced technology, system failures can have a significant impact on businesses, customers, and stakeholders. Chaos engineering provides a way to identify potential issues before they become major problems, helping organizations minimize downtime, and mitigate risks.

Resilience is built into applications using the following steps:
1. Choose/build your application
2. Configure the chaos control plane, that is:
	1. Set up the environment
	2. Set up a chaos infrastructure
3. Create chaos experiments in your application
4. Execute the chaos experiments
5. Analyze the result

Needless to say, chaos experiments need the appropriate observability infrastructure to aid the validation of the hypotheses around
steady-state. The practice of chaos engineering consists of repeated experimentation, with varied faults to simulate real-world failure conditions
carried out against different targets.

> The diagram below describes the steps that you can perform to induce chaos into an application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram below describes the steps that you can perform to induce chaos experiments into an application. 
```

Author: Actually it would either be induce chaos or execute chaos experiments. So I will change it to execute/run chaos experiments.

- Increased ad-hoc/exploratory chaos testing by application developers and QA teams;
- Automating chaos experiments within continuous delivery (CD) pipelines.

## Benefits of HCE

> HCE takes a holistic-approach to chaos engineering, and doesn't merely focus on fault-injection. It is designed to help users setup a fully-operational chaos function that is based on the original [principles of chaos](https://principlesofchaos.org/) as well as addressing several enterprise needs around its practice, which include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HCE takes a holistic approach to chaos engineering, and doesn't merely focus on fault-injection. HCE is designed to help users set up a fully operational chaos function based on the original [principles of chaos](https://principlesofchaos.org/), and addresses several enterprise needs around its practice, which include:
```

1. Cloud native approach to chaos engineering which supports declarative definition of experiments and Git-based chaos artifact sources (chaos-experiments-as-code).
2. Extensive fault library and robust suite of [ready-to-use experiments](../technical-reference/chaos-faults/), with support to construct complex custom experiments with [multiple faults](../configure-chaos-experiments/experiments/create-complex-chaos-experiments) in the desired order.
3. Centralized control plane which supports varied targets (Kubernetes-based microservices, cloud services, VMware infrastructure).
4. Governance enforcement for chaos experimentation using dedicated workspaces, chaos teams, and access control.

> 5. Native integration with [Harness CD (Continuous Delivery) pipelines](/tutorials/chaos-experiments/integration-with-harness-cd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Native integration with [Harness Continuous Delivery (CD) pipelines](/tutorials/chaos-experiments/integration-with-harness-cd).
```

> 6. [Hypothesis validation using probes](../configure-chaos-experiments/probes/validate-hypothesis-using-probes) and SLO management using integration with Harness CV (Continuous Verification).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. [Hypothesis validation using probes](../configure-chaos-experiments/probes/validate-hypothesis-using-probes) and SLO management using integration with Harness Continuous Verification (CV).
```

7. Guided gameday execution with detailed analytics and reporting based on experiment execution and application resilience.
8. Chaos events, metrics and logs (audit and execution) to aid in the instrumentation of APM dashboards with chaos context.

## Conclusion

> Chaos engineering is a critical practice for building resilient systems in today's technology landscape. Harness provides a powerful chaos module that make it easy to get started with chaos engineering. To get started with a simple chaos experiment, go to [first chaos experiment](/tutorials/chaos-experiments/first-chaos-engineering).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chaos engineering is a critical practice for building resilient systems in today's technology landscape. Harness provides a powerful chaos module that makes it easy to get started with chaos engineering. To get started with a simple chaos experiment, go to [You first chaos experiment](/tutorials/chaos-experiments/first-chaos-engineering).
```
